The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Um, I have enjoyed your restaurant many times,
my favorite steak restaurant in all of Los Angeles. Thank you. And, uh,
it's one of the reasons why I wanted to bring you in here because, uh,
this is a really crazy time for restaurants. And,
um, I, I mean, that's basically that that's the J of it.
This is a crazy time it's it's.
Bananas. It's absolutely crazy trying to just get a handle on it. It's just, uh,
overwhelming. So for me, it's just head down and cook, try to help people,
you know, that are in need. And, uh, and then we'll figure it out later. Well.
I know you've been doing a lot of cooking for first responders and for hospitals
and like, what, what have you been doing with your time now that this is.
Well, it really first started where, um, basically everything, just,
everybody was just staring at each other and saying, what, what is going on,
what's happening? And I had,
I didn't lay off any of my employees and it's all happening.
Everybody else is closing up shop. And, you know,
I'm just overwhelmed as a business owner. What am I gonna do?
And I actually had my GM come up to me and, you know,
cause I'm trying to figure it out. Everybody's asked what's gonna happen.
My GM came up to me and just says, Hey, listen, you know, we're with you. Um,
we know you didn't create the coronavirus, you know,
you do what you have to do and we know your heart's in the right place
and was just like, I just like kind of just let out a breath. And I'm like,
okay, well I appreciate you saying that. And then I was just head down,
get down to business with it. And, um, um, we had a cut back, um,
90% of the staff and, uh, we were just like,
just cook, um, didn't know who we gonna was gonna buy it or anything,
or it was just crazy.
So what'd you just tell her, but it's the, the steakhouse is called APL. Yeah.
And it's in, uh, LA in what, what is that like the theater district?
What is that called? The.
It's in the heart of Hollywood. Hollywood and vine. Yeah.
And it's right next to Theus theater, which we,
and what's ironic was it was literally when they closed down all the restaurants
was the gonna be night of, uh, Hamilton, premiering,
which is a big deal for us as a business. And, uh, you know,
all of a sudden it's like, it stops.
Yeah. We, um, I went to your place right after we saw something.
It was uh, oh, it was frozen <laugh> yeah. Okay.
<laugh> I have daughters, right? Yeah. We went to see frozen.
And that was the last time I was at your place. Um, it's,
it's gotta be a very strange thing. This has never happened before.
And one of the things that we've talked about, uh,
a lot on this podcast is what's so devastating about this is there's a lot of
people that have lost lost businesses in the past because markets changed and
because maybe they didn't do what they could have done or were work as hard as
they could have worked.
But for so many small businesses and restaurants and bars,
they've been doing the best work they've ever been able to do,
they they're putting in the hours, they're showing up,
they're putting out these, uh, amazing meals.
And then because of nothing, that's their fault.
It just gets shut off. It.
Just gets shut off. It's.
Crazy.
And without any real understanding of how long it's gonna take or
when, when you're gonna, I mean, we just had a conversation. I was saying,
we should just talk about this on air.
Cause we're just talking in the green room. Yeah.
Like there's no clear indicate of when you'll be able to go back to work
and, and serve food to the general public and what that's gonna look like.
I know.
It's, it's, it's the unknown. Um,
but how I'm investing my time,
how a lot of other chef restaurant tours are investing their time is
trying to serve takeout to the public,
but also doing charitable and things to provide for fir first line, you know,
frontline, you know, defense. And one of the things is, is, you know,
Jimmy Kim and I teamed up to, um, for every meal that we prepare,
we donate a meal to St. Joseph's center.
So that was the first thing was for our, our attitude was, is like,
we want to help people and let them know that they're cared about <affirmative>.
And then the other thing is to really just keep, um,
even just the five people working,
cuz we didn't even know if people were gonna order. So, um,
we jumped into it like that. And then these services such as, uh, uh,
frontline LA, which comes in and um,
brings is like the glue between us and the hospitals. And we,
we prepare meals for 150 meals at a time for the hospital workers.
And do you guys package them up and then have them delivered to the hospitals?
Yeah, exactly. I mean, so we'll just sit there. They'll say, Hey,
we have a need for this particular hospital, you know, um,
Hollywood Presbyterian. Okay, great. 150 people, we package up the meals.
How do you do that?
Do they order off a menu or do you just prepare stuff that you think that
they'll enjoy? We.
Prepare, um, healthy things, things that they would appreciate.
And then also sometimes they just serve comfort items.
So sometimes they'll do meatloaf gravy and mashed potatoes cuz you know,
if they're just all healthy,
sometimes they just need a little bit more of like a, you know,
warmth and like just kind of like pulling it.
That's a weird word, comfort food, you know it is,
but that's what's happening now. It makes, but it works like the comfort.
Like when you say macaroni and cheese comfort food. Yeah. It is.
That's what people are gravitating towards. That's where my menu is right now.
It's all comfort food and barbecue. Really.
Yeah. So do you do, is that because that's what people are asking for? Well,
that's, that's, Cook's stakes, right?
That's my read on the market. You know,
I had experienced a similar thing where things shut down and uh,
people needed help and that was around, you know, during nine 11 and you know,
our attitude was is like, how can we help people those, you know,
those in need and,
and really comfort food really kind of just blossomed outta that.
So, so when you are doing right, so you're doing takeout as well.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and how does that work?
Do they order online or do they call up like how how's that working? Like.
We prefer curbside, um, as opposed to just doing Postmates and GrubHub,
you know, people can do that. And so we'll get people to come deliver. Yeah.
Let's get.
To that because how does that work, Postmates and GrubHub,
is that good for your business? Is that,
is it less good than people ordering directly from you? Like how does that.
Work? Well,
it's great for our business cuz it gives us a greater range and we really can't
deliver. So it gives us an opportunity. So it's a whole nother market,
but you know, they charge a backend fee on it. So we have to upcharge it a bit.
And you know,
for us we'd prefer just to kind of sell directly to the customer curbside,
which we're doing a good clip up to. It's probably about half and half.
So like what if you had to guess like what's the capacity is as part
is like for your business is like full on wide open
where people can come and sit down versus now, like how much is it deteriorated?
Oh.
It's it's maybe 10,
15% of the business compared to yeah.
And that's so that's why I'm just focusing on, like I just gotta keep moving.
That's how I'm emotionally getting through this thing.
And also keeping the business going is just basically just cook for people that
are in need, you know, focus on the hospitals and then,
and the neighborhood just right around us. So it's a tough spot.
And you have,
obviously you have a lot of friends that are in the restaurant business.
And so what is you talk all the time? What's the general feeling like what is,
uh, what's the, the temperature, like how how's everybody dealing with this?
You know, first of all,
knowing that a good number of us are not gonna be around, um,
because just even figuring out all the rules and the laws that are gonna happen
around this thing or unfolding,
they're just very hard to read and get a clear understanding of what's
happening. So a lot of people just don't know the unknown, um, you know,
landlords, you know, we're deferring rent, but at the same time, you know,
they're not accepting of that.
So we're like on the hook and we don't even really know where we're gonna end up
with it. Even just the P PPP loans. Um, uh,
only what is PPP,
it's the paycheck protection pro Ram and that's really a government funded, um,
assistance to supply restaurants and all businesses.
I think of all the loans given out,
I think only 5% of all the loans given out were actually to restaurants.
So, um, they give, they give you a chunk of money,
essentially that covers eight weeks of payroll.
And also a portion of that for uh, 20 that's,
75% has to be spent on payroll covers for eight weeks.
And then the other 25% is for rent and utilities.
So it's like an eight week li lifeline. So.
And so far, how long has it been now?
We're looking at like six weeks of lockdown so far or something like that. Like.
It feels like longer. It's gotta be a little bit longer.
Like for me mm-hmm <affirmative> it feels, it,
it probably is that I don't even have a, a concept of time I'm working so hard.
It's just me and four other people and two are in the front and two with me in
the kitchen, we're doing dishes, we're cooking, we're cleaning,
we're doing everything. I mean, it's a great sense of, you know, with, you know,
accomplishment. And like, I got a, uh,
an email from a nurse thanking us for the healthy meal that we prepared for them
and that makes it worth it. But you know, like for me,
I'm actually like inspired and just kicking it into high gear.
I gonna like just wall in it. I'm just gonna keep working, head down,
do what I do and just hope at the end of the day, at the end day,
people have to eat. So the world's gonna be different, you know,
probably not gonna be the same at all in terms of, for my business. But what,
what choice do I have?
Right. You want one of these man, so yeah, sure. Till cliff CBD drink delicious.
Oh yeah.
Hang on. Nice.
Sorry for people listening to me slur. I like that. Um, so
when you're operating at 10% capacity, obviously this is not sustainable.
10% of your business is not sustainable. That's right.
Just because operating costs and all the above. And then you're,
you're obviously in a very high profile area,
which must be extraordinary rent too. Yeah.
Um, we're just not paying the rent, you know, we're just pushing it off.
We can't, we don't have the money for it, so we'll have to work it out.
Okay.